boy
my boy
wait to the Rose Bowl it's no good at a
show no one came fans have some fun on
the rough road vote I saw those don't
try to front seat number one no fence in
the country just real hungry balding Boy
Wonder country boys darling boy like at
least keep it rolling boil a brain
national champions ring America team I
love it when you come to the stinkin
moon where's the best and lead the way
everybody gonna remember the day long as
you know by the hurricane going to the
rowboat freeze nobody move to say so
borders boy on defeated both got an old
can't be stopped more feminine oh oh oh
boy here we go again big these champs
again Oh fitness or what the deal boo
that ball down the field to the right
leg down a shower cool it okay
Oh
these Miami boys got to be real hit
through the hole then bounced out on a
few days on this time to ride baby
bathroom again he's faso lining the way
to stalk a brighter and the rose bowl
game no need to feel them hurricanes on
be the championship but you know about
me boy eerie boy baby boy knock you off
your feet boy you can play I'm bringing
pain the chains are off the chain comes
cross my mother gets wound up fresh no
chance in the road I don't be so DB
watch my neighbor I ain't no game 13
ruin another case take the wheel
everybody else bilities put it back like
the whole desde undefeated just like the
old days the rain for this my whole day
makes your pee boy just like the old
days
hurricane
cannonball
amazon
damn
killing Hawking boy Janet helping a
buddy to the number again huh hurricane
hurricane huh hurricane hon i get off
get off get off the chain get off the
chain out work so good work son what's
up work so I shake shake shake shake
shake shake shake shake shake shake
shake so say so I see wasi wasi what the
hell he won't see why she won't quit he
won't see we'll see what we see what see
what see what what what we bought us boy
what will be bothers boy what were we
bought us for what about my amiable of
us what I brought my mm oh what a blind
of you looking up hurricane Bobby ball
is born